# Rust API for harden_file_transfer_rs

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview

This server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 0.1.0
- Build date: 2022-06-26T22:35:43.556850+02:00[Europe/Madrid]



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `harden_file_transfer_rs` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server which make use of `harden_file_transfer_rs`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `harden_file_transfer_rs`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.

You can use the example server as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client CreateShareURL
cargo run --example client DeleteFileById
cargo run --example client DownloadFile
cargo run --example client GetFileById
cargo run --example client ListFiles
cargo run --example client RecoverFile
cargo run --example client UploadFile
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8000/v1*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**createFile**](docs/files_api.md#createFile) | **POST** /files | Create a file object metadata
[**createShareURL**](docs/files_api.md#createShareURL) | **GET** /files/{fileId}/share | Generate a shareable URL for a file object
[**deleteFileById**](docs/files_api.md#deleteFileById) | **DELETE** /files/{fileId} | Delete a file object content and metadata properties
[**downloadFile**](docs/files_api.md#downloadFile) | **GET** /files/{fileId}/download | Download a file
[**getFileById**](docs/files_api.md#getFileById) | **GET** /files/{fileId} | Retrieve specific file object metadata properties
[**listFiles**](docs/files_api.md#listFiles) | **GET** /files | List all files
[**recoverFile**](docs/files_api.md#recoverFile) | **POST** /files/{fileId}/recover | Recovers a deleted file object content and metadata properties
[**uploadFile**](docs/files_api.md#uploadFile) | **POST** /files/{fileId}/upload | Upload a file


## Documentation For Models

 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [File](docs/File.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author
